#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
branca==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   folium
certifi==2020.4.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cryptography==37.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.0rc1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-crontab
    #   django-dkim
    #   django-inline-svg
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-jsonfield
    #   django-multiselectfield
    #   django-recaptcha
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
django-autocomplete-light==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-autoslug-iplweb==1.9.4.dev0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cities-light
django-background-tasks==1.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cities-light==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-compat==1.0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-background-tasks
django-compressor==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor-autoprefixer
    #   django-libsass
django-compressor-autoprefixer==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crontab==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-dkim==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-inline-svg==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jazzmin==2.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jsonfield==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-language-field==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-libsass==0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-multiselectfield==0.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
django-password-strength @ git+https://github.com/levkowetz/django-password-strength
    # via -r requirements.in
django-recaptcha==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
dkimpy==1.0.5
    # via django-dkim
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via dkimpy
folium==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
future==0.18.2
    # via django-dkim
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
jinja2==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   branca
    #   folium
libsass==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-libsass
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
numpy==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   folium
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
pillow==9.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
progressbar2==3.53.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cities-light
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
python-utils==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   progressbar2
python3-openid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-cities-light
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
requests==2.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   folium
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-background-tasks
    #   django-cities-light
    #   django-compat
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-jsonfield
    #   libsass
    #   progressbar2
    #   python-utils
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   social-auth-core
social-auth-app-django==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
unidecode==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cities-light
urllib3==1.25.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
whitenoise==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
